PEP-518 support: configure bandit via pyproject.toml (#401)
PyCQA/bandit: doc/source/config.rst

the specific tests that are to be run (and not their parameters) then using
`-s` or `-t` on the command line may be more appropriate.

> Also you can configure bandit via
> `pyproject.toml <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0518/>`_ file. In this
> case you would explicitly specify the path to configuration via `-s` too.
> For example:

Reviewer: This is nitpicky, but I think this reads a little bit clearer as:
```suggestion
You can also configure bandit via a `pyproject.toml <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0518/>`_ file. To do so, you must explicitly specify the path to the toml file via the `-s` flag.
For example: 
```

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: We can specify the code block to be of type toml. This will provide better syntax highlighting.

```suggestion
.. code-block:: TOML
```

Author: Good catch. At the moment when I made PR, there was no TOML support in pygments 🙃

> .. code-block:: python
>     [tool.bandit.profiles.test_1]

Reviewer: Previewing this page reveals that this block won't be rendered at all, a space is required between lines 45 and 46.

```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

    [tool.bandit.profiles.test_1]
```

the specific tests that are to be run (and not their parameters) then using
`-s` or `-t` on the command line may be more appropriate.

Also you can configure bandit via
`pyproject.toml <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0518/>`_ file. In this

> case you would explicitly specify the path to configuration via `-s` too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
case you would explicitly specify the path to configuration via `-c` too.
```
The '-s' is for specifying which tests to skip within a configuration.  I believe you intended '-c' here, which is the argument to ask for the path to the configuration file.

For example:

.. code-block:: TOML

>     [tool.bandit.profiles.test_1]

Reviewer 2: These profile examples are a deprecated use of configuration.  We should give non-legacy examples of ways to configure here.

`
[config]	WARNING	Config file 'pyproject.toml' contains deprecated legacy config data. Please consider upgrading to the new config format. The tool 'bandit-config-generator' can help you with this. Support for legacy configs will be removed in a future bandit version.`
